Add documentation for ICorProfilerInfo13 methods and enumeration. (#30131)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo13-getobjectidfromhandle-method.md

---
description: "Learn more about: ICorProfilerInfo13::GetObjectIDFromHandle Method"
title: "ICorProfilerInfo13::GetObjectIDFromHandle Method"
ms.date: "03/19/2021"
api_name: 
  - "ICorProfilerInfo13.GetObjectIDFromHandle"
api_location: 
  - "coreclr.dll"
  - "corprof.idl"
api_type: 
  - "COM"
---
# ICorProfilerInfo13::GetObjectIDFromHandle Method

> Returns the object wrapped by the a given handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the object wrapped by a specified handle.
```

  
## Syntax  
  
```cpp  
    HRESULT GetObjectIDFromHandle(
                [in] ObjectHandleID handle,
                [out] ObjectID*     pObject);
```  
  
## Parameters

> `handle`

Author: ✅ done

[in] The handle wrapping an object.

> `pObject`

Author: ✅ done

> [out] A caller provided pointer that will be filled with the object wrapped by the given `handle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[out] A caller-provided pointer that will point to the object wrapped by the specified `handle`.
```

## Remarks

> If `*pObject` is null, the object wrapped by this handle is no more alive and has been collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `*pObject` is null, the object wrapped by this handle is no longer alive and has been collected.
```
